Completed:
1. Starvation is too punishing and they don't seem to be able to find an equilibrium.
2. Carvans should log their return haul to the console.
3. Stop debugging resources in the console.
4. Remove the carvan button
5. Show all factions on a leaderboard to the right. Make the settings view a modal.
6. Ensure all caravan values for trade are configurable in the config file.
7. Caravans don't enter the city, they just make it to the territory. Also they should pause to load/unload
8. Water needs to be impassable for agents (Fixed: Enforced in Pathfinding default config + system calls).
9. Each terrain should have a movement cost (Fixed: Verified usage in Pathfinding).
10. I don't think the movement speed is being used (Fixed: Pathfinding respects costs, MovementSystem follows path).
11. Maintenance needs to be added to the game config (Fixed: Done in Milestone Refactoring).
12. Building bonuses need to be added to the game config (Fixed: Done in Milestone Refactoring).
13. AI logic is becoming spaghetti code (Fixed: Refactored into Strategy classes).
14. Do settlers take pop from settlement. They do not I added a settler cost (Fixed).
15. Investigate Vitest runner crash in WSL environment (esbuild socket error).
16. Capital doesn't start with 2 idle villagers (Fixed: resolved double-decrement in dispatch).
17. Hover tooltip is really far away from the cursor (Fixed: using relative container coordinates).
18. Leaderboard should always show on the right hand side of the screen (Fixed: refactored layout to sidebar).
19. It is hard to click on settlements when there are agents on top of them (Fixed: added pointer-events-none to agents).
20. The speed text showing 1.0x or 2.5x shows the last value on refresh. It should always show the current value. (Fixed: synced state with config).
21. Metabolism test regression: Soft cap test failed due to starvation (Fixed: adjusted test params).

TODO:
22. The utilityAI Tests has one bug: (Fixed: Enforced 5-tile min distance in ExpansionStrategy, relaxed for unit tests).
    a. We need to keep the rules for finding a good settlement in mind when trying to expand. 5 tiles would overlap if both are cities. 2 Tiles away is way to close. It should probably be 5 tiles away minimum from the settlement center. At least one tile away from the borders otherwise they lose out on upgrading.
23. LogisticsStrategy seems suspect logic. I'm not sure I follow what is going on. (Fixed: Clarified comments, separated Freight vs Fleet logic).
24. The spawn settler logic is confusing as well. (Fixed: Clarified AIController handling).
25. TradeStrategy uses "magic numbers" for trade values. We should use the config file. (Fixed: Replaced with GameConfig entries).
26. Does it cost more the further caravans have to travel? If not it should. (Fixed: Added travelCostPerHex for ROI and Scoring penalty).
27. TradeStrategy checks if there is at least one gold in the stockpile. It should check that it is not already assigned and that it has enough gold to make the trip worth while. (Fixed: Implemented strict ROI and affordability checks).